meanwhile US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin says Israel's tactics in Gaza
have meant a horrible loss of life for
civilians but they have failed to
neutralize Hamas leaders and Fighters
his comments come as the Israeli
military expans its attack in the Gaza
Strip hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians have fled the southern city
of Rafa where Israel is targeting Hamas
Fighters Israeli tanks have also
re-entered Northern Gaza after Israel
said that Hamas forces were trying to
regroup in the
area Israeli tanks heading back into
Northern
Gaza the Israeli military had declared
victory over Hamas here months ago now
it says it's gone back to stop the
militant group reestablishing
control Palestinians living here in the
jabalia refugee camp just north of Gaza
City have been told to
evacuate with the area still devastated
from the earlier Israeli operations and
new air strike raining down residents
are hurrying to get
out but many of those rushing to flee
with everything they could take with
them said that there was nowhere safe
left for them to
go we left the camp but we don't know
where to go we don't know where to head
we don't have food drink or
clothes we have to move every day we
move more often than we stay put every
day we're in a different area in the
North in the south in the East we don't
know where to go gaza's Southernmost
city Rafa was long considered the safest
place left in the strip but Israeli
forces are now trying to root out Hamas
Fighters here
too hundreds of thousands of people have
already left the city according to the
Israeli Army while more are still trying
to
leave many of those displaced by the
fighting in Rafa have headed north to
Central
Gaza this woman said she'd followed the
Israeli evacuation orders but that now
she couldn't find even basic supplies
for her
children there's no safe place the
situation is very hard there's no food
no drinks even the water is hard to get
my children cry and tell me mother we
want to drink and I don't know what to
do like everyone else who left Rafa and
came here and we're displaced here but
there's no safe
place with Palestinians desperately
searching for safety Washington has
again called on Israel not to launch a
fullscale ground offensive in Rafa
Israel's on the trajectory potentially
to inherit an Insurgency with many armed
toas left or if it leaves a vacuum
filled by chaos filled by Anarchy and
probably refilled by Hamas but with
Israel increasing its attacks throughout
the Gaza Strip calls for restraint even
from its closest Ally seem to be falling
on deaf ears